>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Imagine you have
a component, with a child component, and
you have this very clear line of
communication of inputs and outputs.
Now let's expand this mental model out.
So, you could have a parent component
that has multiple child
components within it
that communicates to the children
components via inputs and outputs.
So based on what I'm saying,
I think this model right here,
this kind of simple diagram,
is pretty easy to wrap our minds around.
Of course, we have a parent component like
home and we start dropping things into it
and from there, we can start communicating
to those children components via inputs
and outputs.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Well,
this is called Container and
Presentational Components.
And so how this works is
you have a container component
that serves as well a container.
So what it does is it's responsible for
consuming the data that that feature,
if you will, needs.
And so it does very little layout,
it's simply concerned with
essentially getting the data and
satisfying the dependencies
of it's children components.
So I think of, really,
a container component as the kind
of the air traffic controller.
So they know how to load the data,
they know how to persist changes, and
when an event happens within
a component from a child component,
it gets delegated up and
they know how to actually communicate
outside to the services.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Presentational
components, on the other hand,
they're generally stateless and
fully defined by their bindings,
and this is amazing.
So all data goes in as inputs, gets
immediately rendered in the template, and
every change comes out is an output.
And so the idea is create as few
container components as possible, and
as many presentation
components as you can.
So what I would usually do,
I would usually organize my application by
feature, and I would do a feature,
or a route, for every feature.
So if you go into widgets, then you're
gonna load a top level widgets component,
which is a container component.
So if you actually look at the items,
and how I've done that,
this is how this works, you have an items
route that routes to an items component.
The items component being a container
component is responsible for
basically pulling in the data from
the service, and when something happens,
communicating back to the service that
something, like, hey this thing happened,
go do this thing, persist it.
It then communicates state and
events to the children components.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So,
this is a completely valid
presentational component.
Totally functional, and
this component class is completely
defined by its bindings,
there is zero logic in this component.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: This is very,
very stable.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Even to the point,
the question is how would
your unit test this?
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: I mean, unit testing,
by nature,
is you're testing a unit of logic.
What do you do with a component
that doesn't have any logic?
It's just going to work
the same every single time,
because there's no moving parts.
And unless angular is broken, or
you're passing in some bad data, there's
a bad assumption further up the stream,
this will work the same way every single
time, complete referential transparency.
So now, having components that are so
simple that you do not need,
it's actually hard to test at a unit
level, I would not even try to unit
test this, I would do end-to-end testing,
or integration testing.
This reduces the possibility, or
the footprint, for something going wrong.
So I mean this is kind of the equivalent
of, I have a real bad habit of
I love delicious food, and so if there's
junk food in the house, I'm gonna eat it.
So how do I keep myself
from eating junk food?
I don't buy it,
I don't bring it in the house.
Same thing is,
if there's logic that's gonna go wrong,
the best way to fix that
problem it's get rid of it.
That's some one of the best test you can
write, is the test you don't have try,
because its logic doesn't exist.
And a
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Container component,
so the items component is kinda
the poster child for this.
This is responsible for
pulling in the item's service, and
communicating to that service to
persist the changes to the backend.
Let me see here,
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So, the question is,
if you want to get data from a child
component to another child component,
how does that work?
Well, one child component emits it up to
the parent component, then the parent
component is responsible for sending that
back down to the other child component.
So, the container component serves
as the air traffic controller, or
the communication control center,
for communicating state to children.